Related software
Screenshot of hgk in action
Screenshot of TortoiseHg client history
Example:

    GUI interfaces for Mercurial include:

    Hgk (tcl/tk) -----*** ------
        This is implemented as a Mercurial extension, and is part of the official version. This viewer displays the directed acyclic graph of the changesets of a Mercurial repository. This viewer can be invoked via the command hg view, if the extension is enabled. hgk was originally based on a similar tool for Git called gitk. There is an hgk replacement named hgview that is written in pure Python and provides both gtk and qt interfaces.
    TortoiseHg
        TortoiseHg is a shell extension and a series of applications for the Mercurial distributed revision control system. It is available for Windows Explorer and GNOME Nautilus.
    Murky
        A Mac OS X GUI in Objective-C 2.0, runs on Mac OS X 10.5 and later.
    MacMercurial
        A Mac OS X GUI "not intended to completely replace command line use of Mercurial, only to ease the most common Mercurial operations," for Mac OS X 10.4 or later.
    MacHg
        MacHg is a free and fast multithreaded front end for Mac OS X 10.6 and later.
    SourceTree
        A freeware Mac OS X and Windows GUI client that works with both Mercurial and Git.
    hgtui
        A freeware TUI client for Linux and Windows (using cygwin).
The series has won ten Primetime Emmy Awards, including three consecutive wins for Best
 Actor for Cranston, two wins for Best Supporting Actor for Paul, a Best Supporting 
Actress win for Anna Gunn, and the Outstanding Drama Series in 2013, after three 
nominations. The series has been nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Television
 Series – Drama and Cranston three times for Best Actor, besides being nominated four times for a Screen 
Actor
    Related tools for merging include (h)gct (Qt) and Meld.
    The convert extension allows import from CVS, Darcs, Git, GNU Arch, Monotone, Perforce, Bazaar and Subversion repositories.

Preparando el lanzamiento de su nueva consola, Microsoft ha publicado Xbox One
Como vemos, esta aplicación vendría a ser un reemplazo para aquellos usuarios que 
todavía no se sienten cómodos con el control por voz, pudiendo utilizar nuestro smartphone 
para buscar contenido, navegar y escribir en cualquier menú, etc. Puede ser una buena
 solución si hay más gente en tu casa y, por cualquier motivo, no quieres molestarlos 
o que escuchen tu voz enumerando acciones o dictando mensajes.
 SmartGlass, una revisión de la aplicación que ya conocíamos, añadiendo nuevas opciones
 y aprovechando las posibilidades que ofrece la nueva Xbox. Con la nueva versión de la
 aplicación, podremos convertir nuestro smartphone en un control remoto, pudiendo
 controlar la consola desde el mismo.

    Microsoft Visual Studio supports Mercurial with the VisualHG and HgSccPackage plugins.
    NetBeans supports Mercurial from Version 6.

